README.md, before:

# pinus_rigida_traits

## Description
Database of Pinus rigida (pitch pine) traits and environmental data from the 
Northeastern United States. Data include leaf, whole-plant, and soil traits
from P. rigida individuals at multiple stands in Concord, MA and on Long Island, NY.
The data were collected during campaigns in 2021 and 2022 examine individuals that
had not previously experienced attack by Southern Pine Beetle (Dendroctonus frontalis)
in an attempt to catch future attacks early, as the beetle continues to migrate
north. The majority of the dataset are from uninfected individuals and stands, but now include
some data from infected stands on Long Island.

The repository is meant to serve as a "living repository," meaning that more data will
be added as it becomes available. The repository will be tagged with new DOIs as major
updates are added. The current tag is listed below.

The data collection was graciously supported by the Department of Interior National Parks Service
PTT award (P20AP00312).

All data were collected by Jeff Licht.

## Repository structure


## DOI tag


## Contact information
Questions about the repository may be directed to Nick Smith (nick.smith@ttu.edu) or Jeff
Licht (jefflicht64@gmail.com).

Commit message:

added site data and all metadata

README.md, after:

# pinus_rigida_traits

## Description
Database of Pinus rigida (pitch pine) traits and environmental data from the 
Northeastern United States. Data include leaf, whole-plant, and soil traits
from P. rigida individuals at multiple stands in Concord, MA and on Long Island, NY.
The data were collected during campaigns in 2021 and 2022 examine individuals that
had not previously experienced attack by Southern Pine Beetle (Dendroctonus frontalis)
in an attempt to catch future attacks early, as the beetle continues to migrate
north. The majority of the dataset are from uninfected individuals and stands, but now include
some data from infected stands on Long Island.

The repository is meant to serve as a "living repository," meaning that more data will
be added as it becomes available. The repository will be tagged with new DOIs as major
updates are added. The current tag is listed below.

The data collection was graciously supported by the Department of Interior National Parks Service
PTT award (P20AP00312).

All data were collected by Jeff Licht.

## Repository structure
- The [data](data) folder contains individual- and site-level data in the following files:
	- Individual: [data/individual_data.csv](data/individual_data.csv)
	- Site: [data/site_data.csv](data/site_data.csv)
- The [data](data) folder also contains individual- and site-level metadata in the following files:
	- Individual: [data/individual_metadata.md](data/individual_metadata.md)
	- Site: Individual: [data/site_metadata.md](data/site_metadata.md)

## DOI tag


## Contact information
Questions about the repository may be directed to Nick Smith 
([mailto:nick.smith@ttu.edu](nick.smith@ttu.edu)) or Jeff
Licht ([mailto:jefflicht64@gmail.com](jefflicht64@gmail.com)).
